DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Well I won't stand in your way Drago...
If I'm not worth any more to you than that
then I guess our deal is done.
It's over!
MARUCHO: You're kidding!
You threw Drago into the river?
Hmph!
JULIE: Well that would explain
why you're in such a grouchy mood today.
What are you talking about?
I'm not grouchy!
I'm glad I got rid of that know-it-all!
But, seriously Dan...
Don't you think that maybe you should go back
and try to find Drago?
He's probably feeling lost and afraid
down there at the bottom of the river.
Feeling lost and afraid?
I guess you don't realize what you have
until it's gone.
Personally speaking though,
my Bakugan \"Tigrerra\" and me
are as close as close can possibly be...
DRAGO: Do you have any idea how dangerous
the Pyrus maneuver is?
Who cares about him anyway!
I know I don't...
Don't say that!
Dan! Come back!
Hmph!
Excuse me, could you please take me to the shore?
What? No, please wait!
Please... Don't go...
I was merely...
Aaah!
DAN: Morning guys!
I see.
Well in that case you should probably
set a trap in advance.
If you avoid a battle here,
then your opponent will naturally attack like this.
Y'see what I mean?
I do now ...
Incredible!
Ryo...
I didn't know you were into Bakugan.
Oh - uh, yeah.
But I've never been in a full-on battle before...
I'm not really ready...
Not ready?
Ha!
What, are ya chicken ?
Well...
I like to collect data and use it
to come up with various possible battle strategies.
Look!
BAKU-POD: First scenario...
Battle strategies?
I figure the best strategy
is to increase the power level of your team,
don't you think?
There's more to it than that.
If your counter ability is set,
then it's possible to defeat even the strongest enemy
with less power than him.
What, are you serious ?
RYO: Bakugan isn't just about strength -
it's also an elaborate tactical game.
One must engage in battle
while trying to outsmart the opponent
by anticipating his actions.
DAN: How can this guy know so much
if he's never even brawled?
I gotta say, Ryo's ideas are pretty amazing...
I bet even you would have a hard time
battling him.
What did you say?
All right smart guy...
I'll battle you anytime, anyplace y'got that?
What?
But I didn't say...
Or maybe all your big fancy strategies
aren't worth spit?
So why don't you just put your money
where your mouth is or keep it SHUT!
Oh, no! My computer!
I didn't mean to...
Now what did you have to go and do that for?
You probably broke his computer.
Yeah, way to go!
What are you talking about,
I didn't even touch it!
It... it wasn't my fault!
Yeah, whatever.
Aw man, I can't seem to do anything right!
And it's all because of Drago!
Poor Drago...
What am I saying !
I'm glad he's gone!
RYO: Oh good!
I didn't lose any of the data!
I don't get Dan.
I mean, is it so wrong to be into Bakugan
even if I don't actually battle?
I'm happy just simulating the battles and planning
my strategies like in a chess game.
MASQUERADE: Are you sure about that?
Are you sure you don't want to put
all those brilliant ideas of yours into action?
It seems like such a waste.
Who are you?
[scream]
My name is Masquerade.
Fight with me and I will help you show the world
just how gifted a battler you can be.
And I will help you prove it
to those who don't appreciate it yet.
Hey, here comes Dan!
This oughtta be good...
Oh... uh... Ryo...
were you able to fix your computer?
Look...
about yesterday... I just...
Let's battle! Right now!
What?
After all, I'm a nobody unless I battle ,
isn't that right?
Ah!
You know what this is, I see...
I made a little deal
with your old buddy Masquerade..
and I'm about to keep my side of the bargain...
Don't you see?
Masquerade is the enemy!
Oh really?
He's not the enemy...
you're the enemy.
Than let's battle!
Sounds good!
Bakugan!
Field Open!
DAN: This geek is goin' down!
Doom Card, Set!
I thought he might pull that stunt...
Well I'm sure not backin' down now!
Gate Card Set! Now!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bakugan, Stand!
BAKU-POD: Fear Ripper power level...
320 Gs.
No other data available.
Gate Card, Set!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bakugan, Stand!
C'mon, give me a break.
Do you really think it's wise to try and outwit me ?
Ability Card, Activate!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bakugan... Stand!
Ability card, Activate!
Marionette!
Oh no, Terrorclaw!
Terrorclaw!
Juggernoid, Battle!
Juggernoid, Stand!
Mantris... Battle!
Mantris, Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Doom Companion!
Juggernoid...
Juggernoid!
I can't believe you'd let that happen!
Couldn't be helped.
His sacrifice was all a part of my strategy.
He was just a tool to me anyway...
What?
How can you say that?
You're all I have left, Robotallian...
Bakugan, Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Robotallian Enforcement!
Betting everything on Pyrus Robotallian ?
Where's your little pet, Drago ?
I don't need him!
At least not to beat a smart-mouth jerk like you,
y'got that Ryo?
Well... then let's get on with it.
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Bakugan, Stand!
It's Reaper!
We meet again.
I am going to give your Robotallian
a one-way ticket to the doom dimension.
The Robotallian Enforcement Ability card
is still doing its thing.
And the area Reaper's standing in
will give Pyrus Robotallian
an extra 150 Gs.
So that means...
I can beat him!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bakugan, Stand!
Gate card, Open!
Nice try, Danny...
Dimension 4!
What?
Oh no!
Oh dear...
You're back at 360 Gs again!
Robotallian!
Robotallian...
I win.
I think...
I understand...
That was \"counter-ability\"
which makes the gate card's attribute energy useless...
Ryo set a trap for me
'cause he knew what I would do...
No...
No! No! NO!
So I take it Dan didn't win this battle.
Good job buddy.
It was no big deal.
I...
I couldn't do anything...
I was totally helpless to save them...
I lost Terrorclaw...
I lost Juggernoid...
and Robotallian...
No... No... NOOO!
Stay tuned for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers are back!
Battle on!
I'm such a jerk...
I haven't learned anything.
In the battle with Rikimaru,
I thought I could attack with just brute force.
Boosted Dragon!
I got you!
Pyrus Activate!
What's that?
Drago!
I was wrong...
I shouldn't have put Drago on the line like that!
DRAGO: You don't understand Dan, they can't come back!
All Bakugan are alive
but the ones that fall into the Doom Dimension are gone.
They will never return!
I was just brawling like it was some sort of game!
I didn't really care about my Bakugan...
I just cared about myself...
Drago... Drago!
Drago...
How did it come to this?
I chose to battle in this world
in order to save Vestoria...
but now...
We're a team...
We work together...
You remember the day we made that deal?
I was unfair to him...
Drago!
I am sorry...
Hey wait...
Drago... Is that you?
Daniel?
Drago!
Hey wait... come back...
DRAGO!
Hi...
Daniel... Is that really you?
Yeah buddy...
DAN: Drago....
I don't know what to say...
I was a real jerk.
I considered you my friend
but I wasn't really looking out for you at all.
So... I... I just...
I'm sorry!
I really am!
I...
I just wanted to tell you that...
Daniel, I...
I'm really glad that you're okay and stuff...
So I thought that... maybe we could...
Be a team again.
Huh?
You are not completely useless to me,
so why should I not take advantage of you
as much as I can?
Do you...
really mean it?
We are after the same thing, Daniel...
so let us battle together.
All-RIGHT!
That's AWESOME!
Thank you so much!
Ha ha!
Thank you .
From now on we shall be a proper team !
DAN: Ryo! Listen to me!
Hey Dan, What's shakin'?
The way you are battling is dangerous.
You shouldn't listen to Masquerade.
He doesn't care what happens to you.
Look Dan, I...
What is it with you, Dan?
You can't tell Ryo how to battle,
especially since he kicked your butt!
That's not what I mean.
I was only trying to...
Ryo...
you are the strongest.
You're right...
I am the strongest...
Crush anyone who gets in your way!
Yes...
I will crush anyone who suggests
that my strategies are anything less than perfect.
And it sounds to me like that's exactly
what you're trying to tell me, Danny boy...
I am afraid there is no way
we can avoid battling him.
Yeah...
I need your help, Drago...
We've gotta try to bring back Ryo to his senses.
Playtime!
Bakugan... Field Open!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Use caution!
Yeah, I hear ya...
He's obviously setting some kind of trap
but I've got a little trick up my sleeve as well .
Waiting to see what happens?
Good.
Oh, and while you're at it...
here!
Ability Card Activate!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bakugan, Stand!
Ability Card, Activate!
Marionette!
Okay Mantris, hand him over to Fear Ripper!
Now! Gate Card, Open!
What?
BAKU-POD: Fear Ripper's power level increased
to 400 Gs.
Oh no ya don't.
Ability Card, Activate!
Firewall!
BAKU-POD: Fear Ripper's power level decreased
by 50 Gs.
RYO: Ooo, good one...
But not good enough!
Daniel!
Speak to me!
Don't worry, I'm alright.
Just trust me Drago!
Okay?
I trust you!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
BAKU-POD: Mantris 290;
Drago 340 Gs.
RYO: Finally, we get to meet your little pet, Drago...
I'd like to introduce you to Fear Ripper!
Bakugan, Stand!
Smash Zero...
Activate!
BAKU-POD: Fear Ripper's power level, 400 Gs.
DAN: Don't worry Drago.
Gate Card, Open!
Intercept!
Hang on... What is he doing ?
There we are!
That oughtta keep those two from brawling!
DRAGO: Daniel... What is your strategy?
DAN: Just watch!
Bakugan Battle!
Bakugan Stand!
Ryo! Now it's your turn to be the puppet!
Ability Card Activate!
Marionette!
Fear Ripper, go to the same card
as your teammate Mantris!
RYO: Huh? W-wait...
that card is a \"mind ghost\"!
Stop!
DRAGO: What happened?
I anticipated what Ryo was going to do.
Instead of the \"Doom Companion\" card he used last time,
he snuck a \"mind ghost\" card in ahead of time
which takes out either an enemy or a friend.
DRAGO: I see.
So he was going to sacrifice Mantris,
who he was finished with,
in order to take one of his enemies with him...
And you used the card in reverse!
Good thinking!
DAN: Well y'see, Bakugan is really quite a strategic game.
You have to read the opponent's mind
and anticipate his moves!
I don't believe it - he actually managed
to double-cross me!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Now go!
Use your strength and destroy Mantris!
Well now...
that leaves us with one Bakugan each, Dan.
Let's battle!
What now?
Let's see...
His next move would probably be...
YES, Dimension 4!
Gate Card Open Now!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Gate Card! Set! Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan, Stand!
This time I am taking you down!
Y'think so?
Gate Card Open Right Now!
RYO: Ha! Battling with power -
is that all you know?
Oh well, I figured as much!
Ability Card Activate - Dimension 4!
DAN: Looks like you were wrong about me, buddy-boy!
Figure this !
Even if you counter the gate card,
Dimension 4 can't stop my \"character\" card.
\"Character\" card?
Dimension 4 can counteract the atribute power
but can't counteract this character card
which raises your Bakugan's power level!
Reaper, look out!
BAKU-POD: Drago's power level doubled to 680 Gs.
This can't be!
I can never forgive you for what you've done!
Ability Card Activate! Boosted Dragon!
Hmph!
Guess I win!
Dan beat Ryo?
I lost...
and what makes it worse...
is that I lost because my strategies were outwitted...
Hey... uh...
don't take it too hard.
Huh?
I had a heck of a time figuring you out you know...
So if it's okay...
I'd like to battle you again sometime.
Really?
It's an honor to go up against
a battler as clever as you.
But next time, let's have a fun battle
without all the doom cards, okay?
Yeah sure!
It'd be a total pleasure!
Just for fun !
Great!
[laughter]
We'll see about that!
[quiet laughter]
DAN: Man, I'm telling you...
Drago is the best !
Yeah yeah, we get it already!
Hey I'm serious!
I mean, I rank 160th now all thanks to him!
He's the best Bakugan a guy could have!
Ewww! Stop it!
You shoulda seen him...
it was awesome !
Look Dan, we are all very happy to hear
that you and Drago are a team again but...
Daaan!
When are you gonna stop telling us about it!
DAN: Who's my best buddy?
Aw yeah!
DRAGO: Daniel... please stop this Daniel...
this is not funny any longer...
I do have a reputation to uphold
and all your human friends are observing this...
I am developing a rash!
DANIEL!!
RUNO: On the next \"Bakugan Battle Brawlers\",
Dan and I run in to each other - literally -
and Dan loses his Baku-pod.
I find it, and realize
that there is a message from Masquerade
challenging Dan to battle someone named \"Tatsuya\".
I figure that this is my chance to kick some butt,
so I go instead...
but Dan shows up
just when things are about to get rockin'.
I can't believe it
when he actually lets me fight in his place!
Will I be able to beat this clown
and prove myself as a battler?
Find out on the next \"Bakugan Battle Brawlers\"!